---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Why I chose MIS!
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2022-01-18
labels:
  - MIS
---

Browser history 1

For Browser history 1, I first took it without watching the screencast or timing myself. This took me around 25 min just googling and searching for codes online. So the 2nd time I recorded it and started the timer after watching the screen cast and trying to fix my code. While working on my code, I would try to remember what I saw in the screen cast and try to understand the meaning of the code and what it does. This helped me a lot because after recalling what I saw in the video it helped me write the code efficiently and quickly, getting a time under 15 minutes at 13:20. Going through the action of rewriting the code and following the screencast after my first try really helped me and I would continue this through the next wods. 

Browser history 2

I did the same thing as I did in wod1 and tried doing the code by myself. But I was stuck on the first part because I couldn't understand how to change the font and font size. It took me a long time before I got it and by then I was tired. So I watched the screen cast to get over that hurdle and the rest was simple. So after that I recorded my attempt and I completed it in under 10 minutes which was awesome. 

Browser History 3

This wod was the most challenging because of the amount of setup needed. So my first attempt was dry and it was very challenging trying to figure out what code to use. How to set up IDs and the right CSS code to use to format the page. But after giving it a shot and failing miserably, I looked to the screen cast to teach me what needed to be done. While working on it for my 2nd attempt I tried to recall what I saw in the screencast and what codes I used and after around 13 minutes I completed this wod. This was really difficult because there were different CSS codes that threw me off. But after doing it once you get start to understand the language and start seeing patterns 
